feat(cmd/network): Autodetect chain context if none passed (#317)
oasisprotocol/cli: docs/network.md

![code shell](../examples/network/04-list.out)

![code shell](../examples/network/05-set-chain-context-ctx.in)

![code shell](../examples/network/06-list.in)

![code shell](../examples/network/06-list.out)

> To automatically detect the chain context, simply run the command without the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automatically detect the chain context, simply omit the
```

`[chain-context]` argument. This is especially useful for Localnet, where the

> chain context often changes each time you restart the `oasis-net-runner`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chain context changes each time you restart the `oasis-net-runner`:
```
